Update docs v1.5.2 (#268)
DataDog/KubeHound: docs/khaas/advanced-configuration.md

# Advanced configuration

> This section covering all the flags available to use KubeHound. If you don't want to specify the bucket every time, you can set it up in your local config file (`./kubehound.yaml` or `$HOME/.config/kubehound.yaml`). See [getting started with KHaaS](./getting-started.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This section covers all the available flags in KubeHound. If you don't want to specify the bucket every time, you can set it up in your local config file (`./kubehound.yaml` or `$HOME/.config/kubehound.yaml`). See [getting started with KHaaS](./getting-started.md)
```

Reviewer: I think the part with the bucket conf file does not really belong here. Reading it here I was expecting the rest of the document to "teach" me how to get rid of all the flags, and then the subparts explain how to deploy the collector/ingestor.

Maybe in a `config files` sub-section?

## Manual collection

In order to use `kubehound` with KHaaS, you need to specify the api endpoint you want to use:

- `--khaas-server` from the inline flags (by default `127.0.0.1:9000`)

> Since this is not likely to change in your environment, we advise you to use the local config file. By default KubeHound will look for `./kubehound.yaml` or `$HOME/.config/kubehound.yaml`. As example here we set the default endpoint with disabled SSL.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since this is not likely to change in your environment, we recommend using the local config file. By default KubeHound will look for `./kubehound.yaml` or `$HOME/.config/kubehound.yaml`. For instance if the default configuration we set the endpoint with disabled SSL:

```yaml
  api: # GRPC endpoint for the ingestor
    endpoint: "0.0.0.0:{{ $.Values.services.ingestor.port }}"
    insecure: true
```

(can't really use triple-backtick inside a triple-backtick suggestion so you will need to add a \`\`\` at the end

Author: removed it as it is already described in the `getting-started.md` section

## Dump and ingest

> In order to use the collector with KHaaS you need to specify the cloud location you want to dump the k8s resources:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to use the collector with KHaaS you need to specify the dump location for the k8s resources:
```
